>> Brian Holt: First thing we're
gonna do here is we're going to
define our default state.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's going to be equal to searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: So, but we're gonna
migrate first to Redux is we're gonna
take the search term searching and
we're going to migrate that into Redux.
And then we're gonna make both landing and
search read from our Redux store for it.
So const rootReducer =
(state = DEFAULT_STATE,
action)
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And I guess the other
thing is worth mentioning.
I'm gonna show you how to do this
without flow first because flow
makes Redux better,
in my opinion but again,
it's more levels of
complexity on top of it.
So I wanna show you how
to do it without first.
So, switch (action.type) and
default return state, and
export default rootReducer.
So let's talk about
what we did here first.
At the top level of every
store is one reducer,
right, in that case it's the rootReducer.
And again,
when I say reducer it takes in state,
it's takes it in action and
a returned state.
That is what a rootReducer does.
It has no side effects to borrow
from our functional friends and
their terminologies.
That means that I can call this 10
billion times with the same state and
the same action and I'm always gonna
get the same state out of it, right?
So you don't want anything
happening around it.
You don't want it to have like a counter
here and say like counter++, right?
Cuz that would be a side effect, right?
That means if I call it 10 billion times,
I'm gonna get different answers
every single time, right?
I want it to be the same thing.
Given the same input in, I want
the same output out every single time.
That is absolutely essential with Redux.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
you're gonna have one rootReducer, and
then inevitably that rootReducer is
going to dispatch to other reducers.
So to borrow a Flux terminology for
those of you who are familiar with Flux.
The rootReducer is pretty much
the dispatch function, right.
It's gonna take in and
that it's going to give that off
to another reducer which is actually
gonna take care of the transformation.
In this particular case,
we have no other reducers yet,
we're just instantiating our rootReducer,
okay.
Two other things about the rootReducer
that you have to know.
It needs to take care
of the DEFAULT_STATE,
which is what we've done here.
This is ES6 to say, if state is undefined,
if this is called without state,
then the default state is
going to be made state, right.
So if state is undefined,
then it's going to be this, right.
Here at the search term with
being empty string, okay.
So it needs to take care
of this DEFAULT_STATE.
Cuz the first thing that Redux is gonna do
is it's going to call the rootReducer with
no state, to get the initial state, okay?
Okay, the second thing is,
is it needs to handle actions that it
doesn't know what they are, right?
So in this particular case If it
doesn't know what the action type is,
then it's just going to return state,
right.
So if I call this with some random
action and it's just gonna say, cool,
I don't know what it is here
have the state back, right.
That's the second thing
that it has to has to do.
>> Brian Holt: Let's talk about
what actions are for a second.
Action are objects, and that's really
at the most base level what they are.
They're gonna have a type which
is going to be a string, right?
And, they're gonna have a payload
which is going to be a thing, right.
It could be a string, it could be
a number, it could be a boolean,
it could be another object,
it can be any number of things, right.
>> Brian Holt: And furthermore,
they don't actually have to be anything.
Nothing is enforcing it to look like this.
It's just a really good
idea to make it like this.
This is called a Flux standard action,
which is a defined way
of dispatching actions.
So if you follow the the Flux standard
action way of creating actions then things
that are created for Flux and things that
are created for MobX and all these other
kind of state management systems, are also
going to work with your system, right.
That's what the idea of using
Flux standard actions is for.
That's why it's always called payload,
it's always called type.
There's two others that we're not
gonna worry about, which is error,
which is gonna be something else.
And then the last one is
going to be metadata.
Which is gonna be an object of other
metadata that you wanna include
with your action.
Again, we're not gonna use these today.
We're just gonna use type in payload.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
So here we have basically the most
basic reducer that we can have.
Okay, now I want you to go and
create another file called store.js.
>> Brian Holt: Looks like
my notes are wrong here.
>> Brian Holt: Which is unfortunate.
>> Brian Holt: So you're going to import.
>> Brian Holt: from redux,
and we're going to import reducer,
well what ever you can call it,
import reducer from ./reducers.
I'm gonna say const store =
createStore(reducer) and
then we're going to export default store.
[BLANK AUDIO] So
there's not usually gonna be too
much to the store part of your app.
If you're gonna do any other configuration
like introducing middlewares,
which we'll talk about momentarily,
that stuff is gonna live here.
But usually there's not
a whole lot to store.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I want you to
create another file called actions.js.
>> Brian Holt: And what we're gonna
do here in actions is we're just
gonna say export.
Const SET_SEARCH_TERM
= SET_SEARCH_TERM.
>> Brian Holt: So this is something that
I do and I would say something that is
common but not something that
you necessarily have to do.
Rather than, this is gonna yell you for
not making it.
I'm just gonna do blah = blah,
I don't know.
Anyway, is gonna yell at you for
now because when you have one export
it wants it to be default, right?
And this is a named export.
so I would say for
now ignore it, it will fix it.
Because eventually we'll have
more than one action type.
Okay, so
the reason why I do this this way where I
have these constants in this file is we're
going to be referencing SET_SEARCH_TERM
in multiple different places.
So it's good to have that reading
from one particular source.
You don't have to do it this way and in
particular, when we start doing with flow,
it will become mostly irrelevant.
But I will still tell you that
I think this is a good idea.
It is, sometimes, useful to have this
be a variable instead of it having
like just referencing the string
literal set search terms.
So I will say that this is a common
pattern so I encourage you to follow
along and then later make a decision
of whether or not you wanna follow it.
>> Brian Holt: So this file is just gonna
be a bunch of constants being exported and
that's it.
>> Brian Holt: And often the same thing,
they don't have to be,
I'm just really bad at naming things and
I'm even worse at naming things twice.
So, oOkay,
make a new file called actionCreators.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
import
>> Brian Holt: From ./actions.
>> Brian Holt: And
then here we're gonna export a function.
>> Brian Holt: setSearchTerm
which takes in a search term.
>> Brian Holt: And it returns.
>> Brian Holt: Type is going
to be SET_SEARCH_TERM and
the payload is going to be searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: So, again it's gonna yell
at you because it's gonna wanna say,
hey you only have one export,
there should be a default export.
Just ignore it for now cuz eventually
we'll come back and have multiple exports.
>> Brian Holt: So again, the action
creators is kind of optional but
I'm gonna say it's not really optional.
What an action creator does is it takes
in, in this case, a search term and
then it's going to return to you
a well-formatted action that can go
straight into Redux, right.
So given this or given this input,
this is a valid action for it, right?
And then this is what's
going to go into Redux
which is gonna hit the reducer, right?
It's gonna switch on the action type,
right?
And then based on that input,
it's going to update your
store in some particular way.
>> Brian Holt: In fact,
let's go back to reducer.js and
let's actually make the reducer
that's going to do the update here.
So we're gonna have const setSearchTerm
which is gonna be a reducer function.
It's gonna take in state and
action, and given that.
>> Brian Holt: It's going
to return Object.assign
empty object state and another object
with .
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so Object.assign,
if you're not familiar with it,
It's gonna basically do
a left merge of this object.
So this is an empty object so its a brand
new object so we're not modifying state.
This is key,
do not modify the original state, right,
you need to return a new state,
not modify the old one.
Even if you say like,
state.searchTerm and then return that.
Don't do that either,
that doesn't count, don't do it.
You're gonna run into a ton of problems.
Mostly that your stuff won't
update because it's just gonna do
a shallow check to see if
the states changed or not.
And if it's the same object that's being
returned because of the shallow check,
it's gonna assume nothing is changed.
So, you must return new state.
Let's emphasize that again.
You must return a new object.
Don't return the old one, okay.
So new object.
We're going to merge all the state
that was in there previously.
We don't wanna overwrite anything
that's already in state, right.
And then the last thing, the only thing
that we wanna overwrite is the searchTerm.
So this one's going to
be the most salient.
So this is the one that's going to
actually end up being in there.
So this is going to override whatever
searchTerm that state had in this new
object, right?
Object.assign this came with ES6 so
that's all that that does.
So now we've created this
function here setSearchTerm.
So now we need to go right
into our rootReducer,
into inside of the switch statement.
So here we're gonna say
case SET_SEARCH_TERM.
I guess we need to go import that as well.
So up here at the top
SET_SEARCH_TERM from ./actions.
This is why I was saying that you need to
use SET_SEARCH_TERM in multiple places,
that's why I like having one
constant to represent all of them.
So you don't have a fat finger problem.
I have fat fingers, so that's why.
>> Brian Holt: And
then here, we wanna return
setSearchTerm with state and action.
Okay, we're getting a lint error here
>> Brian Holt: And that's because
this is a one-liner, right, and all we're
doing is returning so if you remember,
you can do implicit returns and with
A‌i‌r‌b‌n‌b‌'s configurals you have to.
>> Brian Holt: And get rid of
these ones down here at the end.
>> Brian Holt: So again,
all I did was make this a one-liner.
This is now an implicit return.
So now we have the SetSearchTerm,
this is also reducer, right.
So the root reducer delegates
to the SetSearchTerm reducer.
I just wanted to make you
familiar with that terminology.
A reducer is anything
that takes in state and
action returns new state,
that's the whole contract there.